RHOAIENG-20955 KServe Raw (Standard deployment) GA (#702)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/about-kserve-deployment-modes.adoc

[id='about-kserve-deployment-modes_{context}']
= About KServe deployment modes

You can deploy models in either **Advanced** or **Standard** deployment mode.

Advanced deployment mode uses KNative Serverless. By default, KServe integrates with {org-name} OpenShift Serverless and Red Hat OpenShift Service Mesh to deploy models on the single-model serving platform. {org-name} Serverless is based on the open source link:https://knative.dev/docs/[Knative^] project and requires the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless Operator.

> Alternatively, you can use Standard deployment mode, which uses the KNative RawDeployment mode and does not require the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless Operator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use Standard deployment mode, which does not require the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless nor {org-name} OpenShift Service Mesh. 
```

Author: I'm curious why we want to remove the reference to RawDeployment mode? I was told we should try to leave a reference to RawDeployment to help users find and connect the dots on what this is.

[id='about-kserve-deployment-modes_{context}']
= About KServe deployment modes

You can deploy models in either **advanced** or **standard** deployment mode.

Advanced deployment mode uses Knative Serverless. By default, KServe integrates with {org-name} OpenShift Serverless and Red Hat OpenShift Service Mesh to deploy models on the single-model serving platform. {org-name} Serverless is based on the open source link:https://knative.dev/docs/[Knative^] project and requires the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless Operator.

> Alternatively, you can use Standard deployment mode, which uses KServe RawDeployment mode and does not require the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless Operator or {org-name} OpenShift Service Mesh. 

Reviewer 2: Should `Standard` be in lowercase?  It is referred to in the lowercase in all other instances in this module.

> Alternatively, you can use Standard deployment mode, which uses KServe RawDeployment mode and does not require the {org-name} OpenShift Serverless Operator, {org-name} OpenShift Service Mesh, or Authorino. 

Reviewer 2: Should "standard" be in lowercase?  It is referred to in the lowercase in all other instances in this module.

Disadvantages:

* Has customization limitations:
** Serverless is backed by Knative and implicitly inherits the same design choices, such as when mounting multiple volumes.
* Dependency on Knative for scaling:
** Introduces additional complexity in setup and management compared to traditional scaling methods.
* Cluster scoped component:
** If the cluster already has Serverless configured, you must manually configure the cluster to make it work with {productname-short}.

== Standard mode

Advantages:

* Enables deployment with Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployment`, `Service`, `Ingress`, and `Horizontal Pod Autoscaler`, without additional dependencies like {org-name} Serverless and {org-name} Service Mesh.

> * Enables all traditional Deployment/Pod configuration not available via Knative, such as being unable to mount multiple volumes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables traditional Deployment/Pod configuration not available via Knative, such as being unable to mount multiple volumes:
```

Just because I'm not sure if it is really "all".

Disadvantages:

* Has customization limitations:
** Serverless is backed by Knative and implicitly inherits the same design choices, such as when mounting multiple volumes.
* Dependency on Knative for scaling:
** Introduces additional complexity in setup and management compared to traditional scaling methods.
* Cluster scoped component:
** If the cluster already has Serverless configured, you must manually configure the cluster to make it work with {productname-short}.

== Standard mode

Advantages:

> * Enables deployment with Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployment`, `Service`, `Ingress`, and `Horizontal Pod Autoscaler`, without additional dependencies like {org-name} Serverless and {org-name} Service Mesh.

Reviewer 3: IMO the advantages should also mention that standard mode does not require dependencies for Authorino, Service Mesh, and Serverless operators, thus having a smaller resource footprint

Disadvantages:

* Has customization limitations:
** Serverless is backed by Knative and implicitly inherits the same design choices, such as when mounting multiple volumes.
* Dependency on Knative for scaling:
** Introduces additional complexity in setup and management compared to traditional scaling methods.
* Cluster scoped component:
** If the cluster already has Serverless configured, you must manually configure the cluster to make it work with {productname-short}.

== Standard mode

Advantages:

> * Enables deployment with Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployment`, `Service`, `Ingress`, and `Horizontal Pod Autoscaler`, without additional dependencies like {org-name} Serverless, {org-name} Service Mesh, and Authorino.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Enables deployment with Kubernetes resources, such as `Deployment`, `Service`, `Route`, and `Horizontal Pod Autoscaler`, without additional dependencies like {org-name} Serverless, {org-name} Service Mesh, and Authorino.
```

> ** Beneficial for applications that require a smaller resource footprint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Resulting model deployment has a smaller resource footprint compared to Advanced Mode
```
